API Change: add liveUpdateConfiguration settings to HCO CR (#3630)
kubevirt/hyperconverged-cluster-operator: docs/cluster-configuration.md

    enabled: false

```

## KubeVirt Live Update Configuration

> 
> [Live update configuration](https://kubevirt.io/user-guide/compute/cpu_hotplug/#optional-set-maximum-sockets-or-hotplug-ratio) is mirroring functionality within the [KubeVirt CR](https://kubevirt.io/api-reference/main/definitions.html#_v1_liveupdateconfiguration). 

Reviewer: What do you think about something like this?

```suggestion

In order to configure the live upgrade of virtual machines, you can set the optional `spec.liveUpdateConfiguration` object in the HyperConverged CR. See more details in the [KubeVirt documentation](https://kubevirt.io/user-guide/compute/cpu_hotplug/#optional-set-maximum-sockets-or-hotplug-ratio).

The `spec.liveUpdateConfiguration` field is with the same structure as the corresponding field in the [KubeVirt CR](https://kubevirt.io/api-reference/main/definitions.html#_v1_liveupdateconfiguration). 
```
